a.The custom level are basically about the theme of water, in which map has a lot more water tiles compared with normal level, player must find a way to cross the water. Also blocks are pushable in water, movement of blocks can even stem water, showing hidden things. New enemies and new theme of room are showing up.
b. After collecting  the turtle, you can switch between turtle mode and normal mode. Notice turtle mode can walk in water, push block in water, but speed on normal tile will be largely reduced!! After collecting Turtle tear, you can shot bubble to defeat unique enemies in this custom level.
C.The turtle mode enables the player to walk on water, change the logic the game is played, but since the speed of turtle mode on tile is very slow, sometimes player must choice between normal mode and turtle mode, even need to accurately and continuously change between two modes to achieve certain goal. Also, pushable blocks help player generate the idea to move block to stem water. New enemies and weapon disabled all the normal weapon and player need to quickly get accustomed to the new operations.
D. The bladetrap room have blade traps on each side, with both water tiles and tiles on the middle road which player must walk through, player should quickly judge which tile they are on currently and choose to switch mode to avoid slow down of speed on tile or block by the water tile. Also, the hints and earlier instructions to move block help player to think about the final room structure and move the block in certain way to open door to the hidden city.(Every block has only one chance, meaning once a block is mispushed, then you can't reach the hidden treasure this time). 
E. The button need to be pushed to switch mode and to generate bubble will appear on the UI after collecting corresponding things, with easy-understanding image. Also the second room forced player to try push block to enter next room, hinting the pushable property, the slow down of speed on tile will lure player to try repress and exit turtle mode, when they will notice the trade-off of two modes. The last room has a dark blue water Tile which implies there is something hidden under water.
